DONE
New column on customer for folder name (POD upload)
Java process to scan folder (system config setting) to upload POD's to customer pod table
Multiple file upload for POD's
Sage customer reference on customer table.
Sage sage tax code on customer table.
Sage customer reference on customer app.
Sage sage tax code on customer app.
Tracey to create sub folder for each customer
Calculate using trucks 56 mph max
Show trailer number on the combo in Job awaiting allocation instead of description
Number of pallets column reinstated - optional
Full width for screen
Add key for planner key0
Previous prices
Required fields causes issues due to mssing bubble div
Show booking number, driver and trailer on pop up for planner
CSV - SI hard coded
Export invoice CSV, Tracey to email example.
CSV - Description to include booking number
User to have folder (Documents). Contract of employment, Payslips, Driving licence (users document button)
Do not show first and last endpoint of journey for delivery note


28/06/16
The planner charge is Nan and times don’t recalc properly (Planner only)
Only need trailer when artics only
Bug fix times and duration
Customer record has flag for self billing / automatic invoice
Beths folder to be in included in site config
If agency worker, make the agency phone and driver required
remove the store column from bookings
Rate card goes to google
Exported flag on invoicing
Once exported set flag and do not allow editing of invoices
Only export not exported invoices
Site config - Terms and conditions
Site config - Bank details
Invoices should be same template as given example
Invoice order number is the 2 from the booking
Company number on invoice not taken from site config
If automatic, create invoice on completion if none 0 charge
Can’t change to invoice unless Complete
Once invoiced, only enabled column is ordernumber2
Add booking
Allow edit from planner and allow status change.
Status - jobs allocated, should disappear unless all drivers, trailer and vehicles exist




05/07/2016
Manage Customers - Contact 1 - Operations
Manage Customers - Contact 2 - Accounts
Use contact 2 on the invoice
Invoice - Remove revision
Invoice - Remove Taken By
Invoice - Order should be Invoice No and be at the top of the box
Invoice - Allegro Transport should be Allegro Transport Limited
Invoice - Include due date in place of taken by. customer.duedate
Don't move to Awaiting Driver Notification if beyond that point in booking
Rename columns for invoicing
Invoice - Include Terms and conditions on bottom
Invoices (auto) aren't being created
Remove delivery address from invoice
Invoice - Add item is showing all customers
Invoice - Add item allows you add already added item
Saving references in New bookings. Currently not saving
Allegro Transport Limited on delivery note
Delivery note amendments
Remove regions for google API lookup
Auto invoice should auto email
Email button on invoice
Emailed and emailed date columns on invoice table

 
TODO

Check costing. Originally quoted at 300, so could be 350

X Once status gone past In Progress or above, can’t go back a level
Exception report for completed jobs with 0 charge. Allow change and auto invoice
Exception report for no POD for invoiced jobs - sorted by customer
X Link booking to POD. Naming convention for files

New column on customer pod for booking id.
Extract booking number from the file names. E.g. 192992-Allow.pdf and attempt to link
Drivers to be users
Holiday year from May to April
All jobs have 30 minutes check - Check button 
Allow customer to login with login. Allow them to add booking (Quote). Don't show rate. Show charge.
Customers have price per mile override.
If duration goes over x(13) hours add surcharge (system config) and add y(11) hours break
Convert quote to booking app
Quote system to be available link on web site



booking - Got some anomolies with IE 11
booking - Boxes disappear 04/07 ACIANA
Login screen show browser not supported if not supported
Validation across the board for numerical input boxes. Improve crud
56 mph calc between destinations. Currently doesn't show
Warning for trailer in use is pointless for N/A
driver selecting preferred wagon when not on vehicle type list. ?
Rules for status (what should you be able to change etc)
Key press on crud should scroll to first column match, E.g. GU goes to Guildford
Add email button to the POD screen and use email1 from customer table
Reduce info for customer on invoices. E.g. can't edit, don't see export etc
When completing job (booking) Prompt for Price Agreed (Yes/No) Show Agreed by (name of user). Do you want to continue
New role for completion of jobs only



